z POEMS BY A SLAVE.

others which Mr. Horton owns, in circumstances of the greatest
possible simplicity. His master says he knew nothing of his
poetry, but as he heard of it from others. Grorer knows how
to read, and is now learning to write. All his pieces are written
down by others; and his reading, which is done at night, and at
the usual intervals allowed to slaves, has been much employed
on poetry, such as he could procure, this being the species of
composition most interesting to him. It is thought bestto print
his productions without correction, that the mind of the reader
may be in no uncertainty as to the originality and genuineness
of every part. We shall conclude this account of Groreer,
with an assurance that he has been ever a faithful, honest and
industrious slave. That his heart has felt deeply and sensitively
in this lowest possible condition of human nature, will easily be
believed, and is impressively confirmed by one of his stanzas,

Come, melting Pity, from afar,
And break this vast enormous bar
Between a wretch and thee ;
Purchase a few short days of time,
And bid a vassal soar sublime,
On wings of Liberty.
Raleigh, July 2, 1829. ‘

8 @ Ste
PREFACE TO THE SECOND EDITION.

Of these poems, the present publisher has never seen or
heard of but one copy, which was recently obtained by Josuua
Corrin, of this city, from a gentleman who met with ee
cinnati afew years ago. The pamphlet is republished, w
out any alterations,—even verbal; except the insertion of the
headline, ‘* Poems by a slave,” over the pages, and the omis-
sion of the title page, which ran as follows:

“The Hope of Liberty, containing a number of poetical
pieces. By George M. Horton. Raleigh, printed by Gales &
Son, 1829.”

Observe Ist, That Gales, the printer of the pamphlet, is now
one of the firm of Gales & Seaton, at Washington,—no «aboli-
tionist. 2nd, The*publisher admits slavery to be ‘the lowest —
possible condition of human nature ;”’ and that the slaves are
not all happy, for George ‘‘felt deeply and sensitively.”’ 3d,
The man-who could write such poems-was kept for 32 years in
«the lowest possible condition of human nature,” and was to
remain there if he would not consent to go to Liberia.

ether the poems sold for sufficient to buy this man, so
dangerous to “Southern institutions,” and export him, I have

not been able to ascertain. Perhaps George is still a slave! :
f ih, iC. 1G,

  
 
 

Philadelphia, September, 1837.

 
