POEMS BY A SLAVE.

et tO ee
EXPLANATION.

GEORGE, who is the author of the following poetical effu-
sions, is a Slave, the property of Mr. James Horton, of Chatham
County, North Carolina. He has been in the habit, some years
past, of producing poetical pieces, sometimes on suggested sub-
jects, to such persons as would write them while he dictated.
Several compositions of his have already appeared in the
Raleigh Register. Some have made their way into the Boston
newspapers, and have evoked expressions of approbation and
surprise. Many persons have now become much interested in
the promotion of his prospects, some of whom are elevated in
office and literary attainments, They are solicitous that efforts at

. length be made to obtain by subscription, a sum sufficient for
* his emancipation, upon the condition of his going in the vessel
which shall first afterwards sail for Liberia. It is his earnest
and only wish to become a member of that Colony, to enjoy its
privileges, and apply his industry and mental abilities to the
promotion of its prospects and his own. It is upon these terms
“alone, that the efforts of those who befriend his views are in-

  
   

t the plan here urged in his behalf, the paper
chibited is pu " Seyeral of his productions are
contained in the. succeeding pages. Many more might have
been added, which would have swelled into a larger size.
They would doubtless be interesting to many, batit is hoped
that the specimens here inserted will be sufficient to accomplish
the object of the publication. Expense will thus be avoided,
and the money better employed in enlarging the sum applicable
for his emancipation.—It is proposed, that in every town or
vicinity where contributions are madey, they may be put into the
hands of some person, who will humanely consent to receive
‘them, and give notice to Mr. Weston R, Gales, in Raleigh, of ~
the amount collected. As soon as it is ascertained that the —
collections. will accomplish the object, it is expected that they
‘will be transmitted without delay to Mr. Weston A. Gales,
But should they ultimately prove insufficient, they will be re-
turned to subscribers.
None will imagine it possible that pieces produced as these
have been, should be free from blemish in composition or taste.
The author is now 32 years of age, and has always laboure hin
the field on his | rs im, promiscuously with the few _
é ‘ rN

    

i
\
